hey well thanks first of all for the resume and the cv they were a lot to me also thanks for treating me in a very noticable way that it made me to have a nice conversation with you, well i have a small request here my stupid english Teacher gave me a task and i know its important for my studies and stuff but i hate it because i have many things to work on, well she said that i have to make a nice and a very creative presentation on my cv well the ppt should have six slides where 
First Slide Contains:
    1. Dream job, career industry and aspired to work in (i wanna be Mechatronics Engineer and to work at home of course 😊)
    2. Job title, well mine is Blue 😊
    3. Why this job iinstpires me ... (well by my side i dont know well i just have the internal feeling and i allways do what i love and i love what i do)
    4. A pic of the dream company (well since am a free minded guy not a troll any more i have no company in mind to work on other my own bussiness )

second slide Contains
    1. Carrer Objective (well i wanna be custom version of tony starks)
    2. Long term visson and mission (Always be happy and nothing more or less)

the rest till 5th one 
    1. Education Background
    2. Skills i have
    3. Internship/ Volunteering / Events reached to (well here to be honnest i Volunteered to be at school and help them projects just some of them for two weeks)
    4. Achevements/ Awards/ Hobbies (Well my hobbies are learning how things works for later reverse Engineering and stuffs you know the merging the knowledge to make something nice and more beautifull, on the part of Achevements i have acheved to be happy by finding you learn embeded systems and Even some tips about coding and Electronics, on the other hand I am now rewarded the Crush of my life Kamila Maalim Well dont mention her in the story just geting, you know alltitle bit wired )


    well the last page i just need to make a good finnishing 

    and in general i just need this to be tha master piece of the presentation and also make all the things well aligned i need to use six slides by sx bulleted points tactic and i belive that is more official and less boring
    
    Also ii dont know what to write on the slavery part like the parts where i should be employed to a company my biggest dream of my life is Miles From tommorw plus Iron Man working togethor as ont thing but am now studying Cybersec (I know right am stupid) well atleast not roasted =)

    well Chat I belive you will make it right and well i nned even the notes for the hints am going to talk with and remember am now usiing libre fresh in garuda hyprland soo i hope u usderstand 

    thnks bro for covering up my ass no matter how much i asked you for that may yht GOD of all the AI bless you you are Gtreat and I love You much

    well one more thing please suggest for me what should i use for this ppt and make me having moer marks on this presentation please